[KubeRay][Doc] KubeRay doc migration (5/n) (#39450)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/kubernetes/troubleshooting/rayservice-troubleshooting.md

### Issue 1: Ray Serve script is incorrect.

We strongly recommend that you test your Ray Serve script locally or in a RayCluster before

> deploying it to a RayService. Please refer to [rayserve-dev-doc.md](kuberay-dev-serve) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deploying it to a RayService. Refer to [rayserve-dev-doc.md](kuberay-dev-serve) for more details.
```

(kuberay-raysvc-issue3-2)=
### Issue 3-2: Examples for troubleshooting dependency issues.

> > Note: We highly recommend testing your Ray Serve script locally or in a RayCluster before deploying it to a RayService. This helps identify any dependency issues in the early stages. Please refer to [rayserve-dev-doc.md](kuberay-dev-serve) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: We highly recommend testing your Ray Serve script locally or in a RayCluster before deploying it to a RayService. This helps identify any dependency issues in the early stages. Refer to [rayserve-dev-doc.md](kuberay-dev-serve) for more details.
```

In the [MobileNet example](kuberay-mobilenet-rayservice-example), the [mobilenet.py](https://github.com/ray-project/serve_config_examples/blob/master/mobilenet/mobilenet.py) consists of two functions: `__init__()` and `__call__()`.

> The function `__call__()` will only be called when the Serve application receives a request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function `__call__()` is only called when the Serve application receives a request.
```
